# odds-n-ends
Scripts and other stuff I've made for me or for fun. Or at least, the
ones that are relevant to anything but my extremely specific
configurations.

Credit goes to me and those who've helped me (usually on StackOverflow).
In the case that I copied someone else's script and reworked it for me,
I've mentioned that in the script's comments.

All the files in dumbscripts assume they are stored in
$HOME/.dumbscripts/. You can change that with a search+replace. Plenty,
but not all, of them require xdotool. You can tell which ones by whether
you see xdotool.

The arch linux folder houses the files I use to reinstall and maintain
Arch Linux. They are very personalized to me, but great templates and
learning tools. Included is a 99% automated installation process, with
the other 1% being clearly documented in text files. I keep a spare hard
drive with me and back up those files (among other important things) so
that if my hard drive dies, I can be back up and running in minutes. You
don't want to know how many times I've needed that.
The referenced "FINAL FILE" is not included in this git repo, because it
includes secure/private info that would help you hack into my computers
and does not provide any info that isn't easy to Google for.

(In case you're curious, "steamos" was an Arch virtual machine that I
used for AAA Linux games, because Linux was not capable of using the
same NVidia video card for a Windows VM AND the host computer without a
reboot if you, like me before I switched to AMD, have another NVidia
card for the host graphics instead of Intel graphics. It can, however,
use the same card for another VM--a Linux VM.)
